With each passing day resolutions of still image/video cameras are on the rise. This amelioration in resolutions has the potential to extract useful information on the view opposite the photographed subjects from their reflecting parts. Especially important is the idea to capture images formed on the eyes of photographed people and animals. Main aspect of this work is to reconstruct the scene using super resolution techniques. As we can obtain more than one low resolution images from eyes of different subjects, we can use them to create a high resolution image that reveals much more details about the scene. First step is to find angles of eyes with camera in order to rectify parabolic images formed at the eye. Then the resulting images were enhanced using image enhancement techniques. Image registration was performed followed by super resolution. Experiments were conducted on three different data sets. Four image registration algorithms and six super resolution algorithms were experimented with. As a result, 24 high resolution images were obtained which were then compared and analyzed on the basis of different quality metrics. Results show that Vandewalle performed best among registration algorithms and Populis Gerchberg performed well among super resolution algorithms. This work is the first attempt in this perspective, so a lot of research needs to be done in future, which may involve e.g. construction of a standard database of images for such experiments to help researchers, studying the effect of distance of photographer from the subject, and the effects of eye color, age and gender of photographed subjects on high resolution reconstruction.